We know how we are this one, so we need to update this approach right first.
I wouldn't do, yeah, the hell, yeah.
Yeah, so I wouldn't, I wouldn't. OK, tell me to finish, finish, finish, yeah.
So, instead of...
Yeah, so instead of doing this, what you suggest, instead of querying like this, we need to use resolve endpoint, resolve entity, and in resolve entity, we have the parameter like...
Mhm, mhm.
Like entity name, text ID, ERI, country code, city, and address line one. So while we are doing this, what I'm thinking, instead of creating a new activity, we can just, instead of doing this, we can call the result entity endpoint here and make this agent tick.
Mhm.
Yeah.
So, in this why, because a lot of activity means a lot of workflow dependent on this record means this entry.
Right.
Mhm.
So we need to check if we add one extra activity, then we need to wait for the activity to run this. And then we need to continue the rest of the activity. So I don't want to get into that situation because we don't know how many activity in future we can to add and it's I don't want to be dependent on this. So instead we can update this.
Yeah, yeah.
code to implement the result entity endpoint.
And we need, we will implement the agent for flow to find the entity ID and entity address ID, right? And we can store it in this record in this in this table, and for now we are only need accounts payable, right? So, what we can do?
Mhm, mhm.
Mhm.
So we can only run this agentic flow for the account payable.
So here we have a lot of extra commercial invoice, signature, unknown. So we don't need that, right? We only focus on the accounts payable. So we can avoid the extra agentic call.
No.
Yeah.
And what we can do, we can run this for the rest of the tag, and we can only run for the accounts payable for the agentic flow.
Yeah, exactly. We can do that. Anyways, they said it.
So, and so for running this information, yeah.
So, one question: just set identity directorio is nullable there, right? So, we can, we can find, so it can extract the company name, but let's say I don't, I didn't find any set identity, okay?
Yeah.
Correct. Yes. Yeah. And here for fetching this and city and director direction, we have this many parameter, entity name, text ID, URI, country code, city address. So while we are extracting the classified attachment, we only have the entity name.
Mm.
Mhm.
We don't have the tax ID, ERI, so country code, I think I'm storing the country code.
But I think it, I think it's it's important that that in the agentic workflow, you you are able to fetch the document again.
I think then we are increasing the cost.
Because the same document we are processing multiple times then.
Are you storing the extracted company name somehow, somewhere?
Just let me think of what we can do here.
Can't we do this on the fly in the front end?
Instead of creating this, so we already know that those are the accounts payable invoice, right? And here, like with fetching the runtime, this provision, can't we just fetch the vendor means the supplier using the endpoint?
Yeah, I mean, as a prototype, yes. But of course, the idea is that eventually this becomes fully agentic, right? So fully, like, imagine that once we have gone through all this cleaning stuff,
Okay, so one thing I have idea. So here, while we are extracting the information, means the in the while we are inserting the recording the factor XI table, we can also fetch the CD ident detector direction and CD directory ID. And we can store that ID in the classification.
Mhm.
So, here we are, we have the accounts payable record right only.
Uh-huh.
In this table, so while we are processing this, we can pass the result entity input to AI agent, and based on this record, it will try to fetch the entity and entity address ID, and we can store that in the address ID and in this record in this table.
Mhm.
Okay, can you can you go back there? No.
OK.
Wait, wait, wait, wait. I saw something there that was interesting. I think it was in the other table you were. Yeah. Oh, but that's in a different table. It's already, I was, that was extraction complex. That's the part that I was looking at. Because there I see that there is a player.
The.
Super tax ID and maybe there.
Yeah, this is what I'm saying to say: here, we have the all the extra record to fetch the CD identity directory directory, so we can do this step in the factor X.
Mhm.
HAM.
Yeah.
And we can also store the CD and the director direction within the this object.
Exactly.
No need to add one more column in this table.
Yeah.
I agree.
Well...
Yes, yes, but, but we, but there, but then we don't have say identity directorial there, do we? So, the the identity directorial, the identity directory direction should be in the same place.
HAM.
I mean, just, and this is only for...
And.
For.
So, can't we get this information without the CDNN director view?
AA.
I, I need to, I need to see that while we are fetching this information, exactly information, are we using the CDND directory or not?
If you are not using this information while fetching this information, it means this vector X radar, then we can remove these two fields, TDR and detector, and TDR and detection from this table, and we can extend this object to have those two information within this.
So, here we already have these two information within the document, uh, executive.
No, wait.
No, no, you know what? So the directorial of the issuer, in case it's registered and exists, it can apply to more than only invoices. So, for example, that's why I think that it's correct that it's in the classification.
Side, although, although.
Um...
Remember that we have one, one, one, one, one.
A table that is called Factorex Trida Participantes.
I think we are not using that that table.
For the DE work, see that.
But, but we created, remember?
This one?
We created it.
Let me see.
You see, this is...
Where we are using it?
This is where we have, this is where we have the directory of Ericsson.
We are not using anywhere in the project.
But we we thought about this before.
We have this table, but we are not using this and we are not inserting the record.
So it makes sense that in the, it makes sense that in the directorial, so in the classific.
Class classification activo digital, we only have identity directorio, because it's like the very first step.
But at this point, we are already using this.
Um...
Where did we use? We don't have the created data.
Yeah, it come with this like it stopped, it stopped working at one point or what.
Yeah, we are not. I think the earlier prototype in earlier we are we was using the table.
Mm.
Then.
Let's see the last, so.
Steve.
6725.
We are using this table.
Can't we add these two fields in this table?
Which?
City identity detector and city identity detector direction.
Well, but it will, it won't be normalized, right? Because in the in the fact in the factura, in the invoices, you always have at least two companies.
So, if we add two, then probably we need we need to add four, right?
Mains the same, so, for example, we are expecting this data for this invoice and we have stored it in this column right in a row.
CO.
Yeah.
So you said that we could have multiple addresses, means multiple entity directory or direction for this invoice, right?
Exactly.
Exactly, and basically, by telling the by telling the model, there are there are potentially, or there are at least two companies involved, out of which one is your tenant.
One is a tenant, which also have its own identity and identity, but then you have the recipient of the invoice, and then you can have shipper and consignee. I mean, it's just like for clarity, it's better to it's better to have this normalized.
Mmh.
Why do why we need those information?
Which?
These 2 CDN director and CDN director direction.
Because.
So...
DE.
Actually, are you in logic? So are you logged in right now or?
No, not sure. Do I need to know?
Not yet. Okay, no worries.
No, no, no, no worries, no worries. Okay, I'm going to share my screen actually. Yeah, so you have to do it now.
Look, so we have a global directory, okay?
So...
when a user, when a country in this case.
Germany, okay? They created this company. They created it.
Mmh.
Mm.
But then, because...
This company is a group. When another office says I need to work with this same one.
They will say, OK.
I can, my sister company is also using it. So I can just come here and add an address.
And then I'm basically creating, like reusing the same identity directorial, and I'm just adding my own identity directorial direction, which automatically means that I am also using that.
Same entity.
Mmh.
So that means that every address belonged to a different...
Company, yes, but of course we are not.
Restricting that one company can have only one address for the same entity.
So in this case, Brazil has two. One is inactive, but it could have two actives, and that should be fine as well, because the address can be slightly different. So meaning like this, Mediterranean shipping company that has...
Yes.
A branch in this side of Switzerland and in this other side of Switzerland.
But they are all, they are all the same legal entity.
Mmh.
OK, and they in the invoice they are mentioning one of these addresses, right?
Exactly, yeah, and...
And we need to fetch the parent address ID and the selected address ID. I mean the parent company means the double 486 and the what they mentioned in the invoice.
Exactly.
Exactly, and we know, and we know that this is the parent company, because usually because of the name, right? For example, we have a restriction here that is that you cannot have multiple.
Mhm.
countries in the same attached to the same entity ID because that would imply automatically that it's a different legal entity, right?
Okay.
So, they all need to be in the same country, but you can have, like, exactly.
Mm.
They could have multiple brands, right?
But, and still remain as the same legal entity.
Mm.
So then why we are using a creating provision for the branches instead of the parent company?
Because sometimes each branch will have a different accounts payable or accounts receivable.
Mhm.
Let's call it.
account repository or like accounting repository. So it's like if I am, so let's say that I am invoicing to this company, but for this address, it's a different statement of account for accounts payables and receivable than this other one.
HAM.
So they might, they may be different. They have like different administrative people working like this. This branch has one people and I am sending invoices to this branch in particular.
Ohh.
I.
Then one invoice contain only one branch, right?
Yes, so that's why, exactly.
Then why then why we need the separate table for storing the and directory directory reaction and CD and the directory?
Because the one invoice contain only one branch, right? And branch means the CD identity of detection, correct?
No.
Yes, yeah, but, but, but if you, if we had like only one table directory direction, then we would be repeating a lot of data, like, for example, the company name, as many times as branches, as many times as as companies using the same branch.
Like company, like a tenant. In this case, this is a tenant, no?
CO.
So, it's normalization.
Mhm.
The reason that the answer to your question is normalization.
Mmh.
The record will be 1 to one, right?
On the on the on the provision and on the table, yes, so it will be 1 identity directorial to 1 identity directorial direction, yes.
And, based on the invoice only, we could have the one CDNN director and CDNN detector, right?
Exactly. And exactly, if you look at the invoice, it will always be one company and one address, always. So it's never going to be one company and multiple addresses, even though the issuing entity, it will always be, it's always going out of a building.
Mm.
Wow.
That's my point. So an invoice is never going from multiple buildings.
It's just one building issuing the invoice.
Okay.
OK, then we need to create a one more table with the reference of the factor X right now.
Uh, and DE.
Each year of that.
I don't think so.
I mean, city and direct to the.
I, I think I think we have we have it already, but why I mean...
BR.
The Factory X-ray participants, this table, that table, but we are not using that, so...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But this is a table where we were looking for.
Okay.
So this is where we have to extract it.
Mm.
So, and you can, you can think that, you can think that the very first, so the identity directorio and in in the classification Octavio Digital is just the first attempt.
Sorry, sir, can you repeat that last one?
So the identity directorial that we are saving in classification activo digital, it's only the first attempt.
Mm.
Correct.
The final attempt, it's in Facture Extraida participantes, at least for this particular agent.
Okay.
So, what we can do, we can extend the exception part, means while we are storing the factor XIDA record, we can also store the factor XIDA participants record.
Mhm.
while doing this step. So because we don't need to extract the same invoice two times.
Yeah.
Okay.
Mhm.
multiple address ID, then what should we do?
Um...
Mm.
So in the match case, we have one entity ID and multiple entity address IDs.
Mhm.
Yes.
then what could we do?
OK, so we should let the agent.
work in a loop, okay, with a max amount of attempts or of tries.
So it just doesn't do forever. And we need to give him the possibility.
Ohh.
To access different.
To use different tools, for example, and I'm doing a transcript now for us for later to review, but...
Mhm.
If the result, if the result is ambiguous.
HAM.
Then the response will say the result is ambiguous. This is the this is the this is the some of the companies I found.
And, in the bottom of the response, there we can we can implement their recommendations. OK, and that recommendation could be, for example, to the agent to say, use this tool.
To check.
And, and I'm just...
Talking out loud here, right?
HAM.
Uh, to check previous.
Uh, cases, because, because we have 33 different scenarios.
In the scenario one, the ambiguity comes from the PDF itself. Okay, so the PDF can be ambiguous, as the example we were talking about, where the company name and the address, it's on the top right corner where it's supposed to be.
But that's actually the incorrect one. The correct one is below hidden in small letters. OK.
So the ambiguity can come from the PDF itself. This is the first case scenario. In the second scenario, the ambiguity can come from the from a duplicate like, but like low quality data in the directorial. OK, this is the second scenario.
Um...
And, in the third scenario...
In this, I remember we had I had a third scenario.
In the third scenario.
Well, the third scenario is basically...
Um...
The company just doesn't exist.
Right.
Cool.
So, there is no...
Either, either there is no the identity directory that really matches with that company, or...
The company exists, but not for that tenant.
OK, so, for example, here, let's look for logic.
I think logic is duplicate, logic solution.
In.
Okay.
Look.
Logic Solutions.
It's available for Schryver, Germany, Schryver, Colombia, Schryver, Mexico, Schryver, Peru, Schryver, USA, and Schryver, Uruguay.
Ohh, hold on, we have a second thing.
But the city were USA, why is Hindi Germany?
Oh no, no, no, no, this is like the country, this is the country where the company is located.
This is the country of the company.
HAM.
Okay.
Right, so look, then we have here logic solutions at ACISA. OK, this.
Mhm.
could produce an ambiguous part, right? Not if you pass the country, because if you pass the country, Germany, you won't get this one.
Mm.
OK, however, what if what if the document the invoice is currently being processed by?
Schryver, Morocco, for example, that is not here. I've never invoiced directly to Morocco, so that means that if I send an invoice to an account in Schryver, Morocco, they will find Logic Solutions as entity ID, but they shouldn't find entity address ID.
because they don't have an entity address ID for their tenant.
Who?
OK, so.
Mhm.
This is how the ambiguity should be resolved, right?
HAM.
So, scenario one.
The ambiguity is coming from the...
Document.
And we let, we, I think that we, it's important we let the the agent.
To agentically.
react based on their response. And we control the response because we can add remarks, observations, recommendations for certain scenarios of the response.
Only enough for the agent to keep going, right? So we don't have to provide much more information than it's needed. In the second scenario, the ambiguity comes from the fact that there are two logic solutions, which means that there are two different entity IDs.
HAM.
And we have it like frequently, actually. Let's see with MSC, MSC.
Look.
I think this is a good example. Look.
MSC Mediterranean Shipping Company SA. Of course this is going to get trimmed. This is going to get trimmed.
Here, look, Mediterranean Shipping Company SA and S Space A, both for Schryver, Ecuador, both the same address. You see?
Ohh.
Mhm.
Mm.
Mmh.
So this is going to be completely ambiguous, fully ambiguous.
Bugeda.
But, OK, how the AI identify which one should pick?
It can't. It just can't.
Um...
The AI will have to say, I don't know.
And we should block it, we should block it at the time when the user, when the this is one of the things that we should say, we couldn't find it right, and probably we need to say this is.
OK.
So, in the extracted data.
we should somehow say this field is incomplete because it doesn't have the entity ID address, right? The entity address ID.
Mmh.
So it's either there or it needs human intervention.
I.
Okay.
And this is my point. So this, after a few attempts, this should trigger, this should be a flag for the user to, for a user to come back and resolve it. So what needs to happen here is that someone needs to come and delete one of them.
Literally like coming here, like in the lead.
Make sure that all the invoices there are closed, and then probably we need to implement here a migration, right? So, like migrate invoices and...
And then once the invoices are migrated, then to the correct one, then we just deactivate this one. So that's why the tenant is important, but also that's why the status is important.
Okay.
So my point there is that we, so what everything we have up to this point serves, right? It's useful.
Mhm.
HAM.
Then we need to extend the Factory Extrada, and and we we were planning it before, right? Already for the for this part, we just like kind of like stop working on it because we were very focused on certain examples, certain test cases.
Mhm.
When we try to extend this to the whole universe of invoices, we see that we have to, we have to include it.
And...
HAM.
So...
We just have to extend it, so it takes whatever it takes whatever we have already over there, like, and it questions it, and it just populates the participantes on which we would be actually performing the.
Mm.
Yeah.
Like we will take for the, basically this is for provision creation, right? Because when we find the provisions, and this is probably why we have, we ignored this part, because we were focused, focusing more on finding the provisions that it's already there. And we need the entity address ID.
Hmm.
Who?
for the case of creating provisions.
HAM.
Okay.
And at the end, the gate, the gate is...
How?
at the time we enable the user to create a provision. Is there entity ID and entity address ID? Yes or no?
She.
If it's a no, then we have to force the user to go back and select manually. That's it.
Okay.
OK, let me work on that, and I will let you know.
All right, Krish. Okay, cool. See ya. Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you. Bye.